As you may have started to see in other apps,
there are plenty of different ways to inform
the user that there may be a problem with connectivity.
The material design spec offers some guidelines on how to present this type of
error to the user with an example in the e-mail app and the search app.
In the last coding task of this lesson and of this course,
we'll introduce logic to check if there is
network connectivity before we initialize the loader to kick off the request.
Now, if there isn't internet connectivity,
then we'll change the empty state TextView to show
a "No internet connection" error message like in this screenshot.
Now, I'm providing you with a link to this developer guide,
on how to connect to the network and check for connectivity.
Now, one more really important note here at the top of the doc.
You'll also need to declare another permission in
the AndroidManifest file to access the network state, as you can see here.
So, make sure you add this line to your manifest.
Once you've completed the first two tasks,
then test your app to make sure it works with and
without internet connectivity by using airplane mode again.
Now, remember to force stop the app in between tests,
so that the activities destroyed and created again from scratch.
You can do this by swiping the app off the recent list.